[Music]
evening they're doing a sweep of a
neighborhood for some kids involved in
nearby gang shooting ready to come
inside take a look around
I'm a illegals I'm seeing your kids stay
safe are you hungry
I think you'd be safer if you posted a
here for a while
trust me I'm not a killer I'm John Henry
[Applause]
got a way about John when he was jump
shot the devil
we found John we got the same blood
coursing through our veins heavy lies
the crown
watch how I keep they woke up superhuman
not anymore
[Music]
so what you gonna do you know why I
named it Johnny when you was born
my boss Paul
thank you
you me you should know I'm not done
what you gonna do it on this trip
[Music]
[Applause]
you